Open the door, aunt
Open the door!
Shhh!
Sit carefully
My mom
Just like that.
Otherwise, it's okay to stay here tonight.
Thank you cousin
Wait until I pay off the company's debts
I will definitely respect my aunt well
Xiaoxi, you smell so good
Are you crazy?
You are not the eldest lady now
Then what's wrong with me?
Bitch give face shameless
Sooner or later I made an ouch
He just moved in last year.
Shen Tianlan, chairperson of Huanyu Group in Yuncheng
Be careful
The evidence that Narrative Group went bankrupt three years ago
All destroyed
How could this be?
Are you covering up the death of my parents?
No one in Yuncheng dared to investigate that matter at all
Except who?
Huanyu Group Shen Tinglan
He wasn't there when Xu went bankrupt three years ago
Yuncheng has covered the sky with bare hands in just a few years
If he makes a move
We can find out the truth
Body messed up
Xu Xian
You can't stand it.
All the humiliation we live with
They have to be returned one by one.